Bump libssh to v0.11.1 in `manylinux` build infra (includes #734) (#636)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/636.contrib.rst

> Bumped the libssh version to latest release 0.11.1 in manylinux -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: Let's try this
```suggestion
Updated the version of ``libssh`` to the latest release v0.11.1
in the cached ``manylinux`` build environment container images
-- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```

Author: Adjusted.
